

HOME

Original page: https://amcaero.com/
-------------------

Skip to content 
     Home
      AMC Athena – ERP Suite
      Solutions
      Services
      Blog
      About Us
      Contact Us
       Search Search for: Search  

 AMC Aerospace 
 AMC AEROSPACE 
Pioneers in Enterprise Digital Transformation Software, Internet of
Things and Artificial Intelligence   
     Home
      AMC Athena – ERP Suite
      Solutions
      Services
      Blog
      About Us
      Contact Us
       Search Search for: Search  
  AMC Aerospace  
  Pioneers in Enterprise Digital Transformation Software, IoT and AI  
Pioneers in Enterprise Digital Transformation Software, IoT and AI 
AMC Aerospace Technologies is a pioneer in Enterprise Digital
Transformation Solutions and application of Internet of Things in
aviation business processes.  We can help organizations to use
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for automating various
mundane manual tasks.
 AMC Athena Services... 
  Make Strategic Informed Decisions  
Make Strategic Informed Decisions 
Our Enterprise Resource Planning Software Suite built for aviation
helps you to make strategic informed decisions.
 ERP Suite AMC eAM 
  Cloud Software offerings  
Cloud Software offerings 
The software products are available on the cloud and the customers can
adopt various could service models like SAAS or PAAS.  We can provide
on premises cloud ERP softwares based on the customers security
requirements.
 Previous Slide Next Slide 

AMC ATHENA – ERP SUITE
AMC Athena is a cutting-edge Enterprise Digital Transformation
solution modern enterprises. It is an integrated Digital
Transformation ecosystem of ERP software with various peripheral
devices and mobile applications. The software is the best platform
for... 

LUCIDA – ANALYTICS OF NEXT GENERATION
Introducing our latest analytics platform to the world. LucidA has
been designed from the ground up for the Analysts to perform their
task at ease. LucidA is one of the most versatile Business
Intelligence & Analytic... 

SOLUTIONS
Our seasoned expertise in Aviation, Supply Chain and Manufacturing
industries has equipped us to offer the below Solutions. Financial
Management Solutions Supply Chain Management Solutions Human Resource
Management Solutions Enterprise Performance Management Aviation
Maintenance Repair... 

SERVICES
With our extensive experience in aviation softwares, we are providing
consulting support to commercial and defence aerospace
industries.  Seasoned consultants with an average of 15 years in
aerospace industry expertise are available for consulting assignments
in:... 
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
PRODUCTS
AMC ATHENA ERP SUITE is a state-of-the-art Enterprise Resource
Planning software which will accelerate the organizations Enterprise
Digital Transformation journey. It is tailor made for companies who
are into Supply Chain Management, Material logistics, Trading,
Manufacturing, Construction, Project Management, Quality Assurance and
Aviation/ aircraft maintenance.  The software is built for the cloud,
AI, ML – integrated with IoT devices and Robotic Process Automation
tools.
The software is built with industry leading technologies and is a
complete solution to manage the Financial Accounting, Supply Chain
Management, Human Resource Management, Time & attendance management of
an organisation.   It is fine tuned for handling the complete
aircraft maintenance life cycle, operations, supply chain, project
management, Quality Assurance, human resource management and financial
accounting.
 ERP Suite and Big Data Analytics Softwrae  ERP Suite and Big Data
Analytics Softwrae 
 EDI  EDI 
Read more on AMC Athena here…
LUCIDA is one of the most versatile Business Intelligence & Analytic
tools available.  The analysts can generate visually stunning
dashboards and reports using the self service Analytic Visualisation
builder and Dashboard builder functionalities.
 LucidA - Big Data Analytics  LucidA - Big Data Analytics 
As the name implies, LucidA is the brightest star in a Constellation.
It is the brightest star among the BI/ analytic products in the
market. The ease of use through web based self service analytics makes
it the best tool in an analysts kit. The softwares cutting edge
features lets the user to develop visually stunning analytics
dashboards at ease. 
More details…
NEXTA is a robust platform for Time and Attendance management that is
integrated with the finger print readers/ attendance monitoring
systems.
Key benefits of using NexTA for an organisation are, 
• Reduce Labour Cost with Time Management Software • Enforce Rules
with Time and Attendance Software • Remain in compliance with the
Working Time Act • Easy-to-Use, No-Hassle Time and Attendance
Software • Clocking Options – Hardware & through Software •
Increase Staff Productivity & Efficiency • Reporting & Analytics
More details..
AMC EAM is a robust software application for Asset Management,
Preventive Maintenance Management, Maintenance Forecasting & Planning
of maintenance activities, Calibration Management, Work Order
Management, Certifications and Reliability Management of machineries,
tool and test equipments. Also, it is used for managing the
maintenance of facilities with wide ranging Preventive Maintenance and
Reactive Maintenance functionalities.
The software helps organizations to define KPI’s on maintenance
functions and manage the performance of their high value assets
effectively. Also, it helps the organizations forecast the maintenance
cost and requirement of materials for achieving the KPI requirements.
More details…
IT & BUSINESS CONSULTING
With our extensive experience in aviation softwares, we are providing
consulting support to commercial and defence aerospace
industries.  Seasoned consultants with an average of 15 years in
aviation business expertise are available for consulting assignments
in:
     Aerospace Business consulting
     Aviation Software Selection
     Software Implementations
     Integration/ Interfacing
     Software Development
     Data Migration
More details on the services provided can be found here…

 E-INVOICING FUNDAMENTALS 
 Many countries in the middle east are planning to enforce e-invoicing
as a part of tax compliance requirements. One of the biggest economies
of GCC,... Read More _"e-invoicing Fundamentals"_   
  Artificial Intelligence    
 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, MACHINE LEARNING, NEURAL NETWORKS & DEEP
LEARNING 
 Artificial Intelligence technologies are rapidly evolving at present
thanks to various use cases of this technology and the evolution of
the computing capability in recent... Read More _"Artificial
Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks & Deep Learning"_   

 BLOCKCHAIN USE CASES FOR AVIATION & AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE 
 It was a misconception in the past that the blockchain was made only
for crypto currencies.  The blockchain technology has a bigger role
to play... Read More _"Blockchain Use Cases for Aviation & Aircraft
Maintenance"_   
  EDI    
 ELECTRONIC DATA INTERCHANGE AND SPEC2000 
 The traditional method of communicating with other companies through
the post has long gone and faster methods of faxes and e-mails are
used for communications... Read More _"Electronic Data Interchange and
SPEC2000"_   

 ONLINE DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT 
 Handling the aircraft maintenance publications with revision control
and distribution with the maintenance staff is a critical function
required for Continuous Airworthiness Management. It is... Read More
_"Online Document Management"_   

 APPLICATION OF IOT DEVICES IN AVIATION MRO 
 Internet of Things or IoT is a big technological shift from the
traditional way of using disconnected devices for collecting data. 
Increasingly, aviation companies are... Read More _"Application of IoT
devices in Aviation MRO"_   

 FUTURE IS CLOUD 
 The simplest definition of Cloud computing is using a shared pool of
configurable system resources and higher levels of Services that can
be rapidly deployed... Read More _"Future is Cloud"_   
  Uncategorized 
E-INVOICING FUNDAMENTALS
 _By_ _admin_   September 7, 2021 September 7, 2021  0 
Many countries in the middle east are planning to enforce e-invoicing
as a part of tax compliance requirements. One of the biggest economies
of GCC, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has notified about the compliance of
e-invoicing requirements. The e-invoicing solution should be able to
transmit the invoice data to the …
 Continue reading_"e-invoicing Fundamentals" _ 
  Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks & Deep
Learning  
  Artificial Intelligence, ERP 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, MACHINE LEARNING, NEURAL NETWORKS & DEEP
LEARNING
 _By_ _admin_   July 25, 2018 July 30, 2018   AI, Apachie Ignite,
Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, ML,
Tensorflow  0 
Artificial Intelligence technologies are rapidly evolving at present
thanks to various use cases of this technology and the evolution of
the computing capability in recent years.  We often hear terms such
as ML, deep learning, and AI used interchangeably when, in fact, they
are still-developing techniques under the larger umbrella …
 Continue reading_"Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural
Networks & Deep Learning" _ 
  Blockchain Use Cases for Aviation & Aircraft Maintenance  
  Blockchain 
BLOCKCHAIN USE CASES FOR AVIATION & AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE
 _By_ _admin_   July 14, 2018 July 15, 2018   Blockchain, CAMO,
ERP, SCM  0 
It was a misconception in the past that the blockchain was made only
for crypto currencies.  The blockchain technology has a bigger role
to play beyond the crypto currencies and financial transactions. 
Various use cases of blockchain technology in aviation and aircraft
maintenance is evaluated in this blog. What is …
 Continue reading_"Blockchain Use Cases for Aviation & Aircraft
Maintenance" _ 
  Electronic Data Interchange and SPEC2000  
  ERP 
ELECTRONIC DATA INTERCHANGE AND SPEC2000
 _By_ _Nishanth KAMC_   December 16, 2017 June 12, 2020   ANSI,
Aviation, EDI, Electronic Data Interchange, SPEC2000, XML  0 
The traditional method of communicating with other companies through
the post has long gone and faster methods of faxes and e-mails are
used for communications at present. The emails are the most used
communication method at present.  However, it require human effort
to read these communications and precess them into the enterprise …
 Continue reading_"Electronic Data Interchange and SPEC2000" _ 
  ERP, Uncategorized 
ONLINE DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT
 _By_ _admin_   December 6, 2017 July 14, 2018   document
management, Enterprise, ERP, planning, resource  0 
Handling the aircraft maintenance publications with revision control
and distribution with the maintenance staff is a critical function
required for Continuous Airworthiness Management. It is an
airworthiness requirement that will be audited by the Authorities.
Many organisations spent considerable amount of time, money and
manpower to manage it manually without …
 Continue reading_"Online Document Management" _ 
  Application of IoT devices in Aviation MRO  
  Uncategorized 
APPLICATION OF IOT DEVICES IN AVIATION MRO
 _By_ _admin_   October 6, 2017 August 19, 2018   AMC ERP Suite,
Enterprise  0 
Internet of Things or IoT is a big technological shift from the
traditional way of using disconnected devices for collecting data. 
Increasingly, aviation companies are using IoT to operate more
efficiently, better understand customers to deliver enhanced customer
service, improve decision-making and increase the value of the
business. The IoT …
 Continue reading_"Application of IoT devices in Aviation MRO" _ 
  Future is Cloud  
  Cloud, ERP 
FUTURE IS CLOUD
 _By_ _admin_   July 14, 2016 July 25, 2018  0 
The simplest definition of Cloud computing is using a shared pool of
configurable system resources and higher levels of Services that can
be rapidly deployed at minimum management effort. The services are
provided often over the internet for public cloud services. Private
clouds rely on private networks. The service models …
 Continue reading_"Future is Cloud" _ 
CONTACT US
Thank you for stopping by, please get in touch with us by entering
your details below and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.
 Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. 
     ADDRESS
Dubai, United Arab Emirates,
email: sales@amcaero.com
Phone: +971 58 581 2001
     ADDRESS
Changi Business Park, Singapore,
email: salessg@amcaero.com.
     ADDRESS
Cochin, Kerala, India,
email: sales@amcaero.com
Phone: +91-79948 10515
 Back to Top  
Copyright © 2018 amcaero, www.amcaero.com, all rights reserved.
Powered by Fluida & WordPress. 
   
 Loading Comments... 
   
 Write a Comment... 
 Email (Required) Name (Required) Website


